133 ictt course add multi hop chapter (#140)
ava-labs/avalanche-academy: content/course/interchain-token-transfer/07-tokens-on-multiple-chains/01-tokens-on-multiple-chain.mdx

---
title: Overview of Multi-hop Transfers
description: Learn about how ICTT supports multi-hop transfers between spoke chains.
updated: 2024-05-31
authors: [owenwahlgren]
icon: Book
---

> The token bridge also supports "multi-hop" transfers, where tokens can be transferred between spoke chains. To illustrate, consider two spokes _S<sub>a</sub>_ and _S<sub>b</sub>_ that are both connected to the same remote _H_. A multi-hop transfer from _S<sub>a</sub>_ to _S<sub>b</sub>_ first gets routed from _S<sub>a</sub>_ to _H_, where spoke balances are updated, and then _H_ automatically routes the transfer on to _S<sub>b</sub>_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The token bridge also supports "multi-hop" transfers, where tokens can be transferred between remote chains via the home chain. To illustrate, consider two remotes _R<sub>a</sub>_ and _R<sub>b</sub>_ that are both connected to the same home _H_. A multi-hop transfer from _R<sub>a</sub>_ to _R<sub>b</sub>_ first gets routed from _R<sub>a</sub>_ to _H_, where the remote balances are updated, and then _H_ automatically routes the transfer on to _R<sub>b</sub>_.
```

We've renamed ICTT from Hub and Spoke to Home and Remote, so we want to avoid using Spoke and stick with home and remote
